## My name is Nguyen Tien Minh Quan
## My student ID is: s3931082
## This is my blog with the intended purposes of relfecting as well as making action plans for my future in RMIT

1. It was an early Tuesday morning that our class started. At first, we were greeted by our teacher, Mr. Crellin as well as our librarian, Ms. Nguyen who was there to talk to us about some related topics to the library that would be useful in the future. In fact, the most interesting topic that she talked about was probably scholarly sources, the importance of it and tools you could use in order to find them. Ms. Trang really was so passionate about this topic that she went very deep into details as to why it was so important and what were the differences between scholarly and peer-reviewed, and why it is important to use scholarly sources for essays and research that would occur in our future. “You will need to use scholarly sources for your essay because it is required” was what Ms. Nguyen( 2022) said during her time sharing about this topic to us and it has been proven true throughout my student’s life. For instance, back in high school when I  had to write a research paper then a trustworthy source must be used for it or else the whole research is nothing more than a personal opinion. And now being reminded about it again after such a long time not thinking about it perhaps could be useful in some way. After all, learning about something that has such an important role for my future career is not that bad at all. On the other hand, it might even excite me a bit. Besides, having such a kind and passionate librarian like Ms. Nguyen here who does not hesitate to answer any of our questions (though we did not ask that much), is something of a new experience myself have never experienced before. Overall, this lesson was the first step for me in this course as it taught me basic knowledge that will be no doubt useful for me in the future. It is on me to take the next step by myself by working harder in class as there will not always be someone to depend on, not even your old self. After all, growing up is being able to surpass your old self and on the other hand, to avoid “self-plagiarism”.
 
2. These perhaps were the weeks that I learned the most from. With Mr. Farrel being our guest lecturer for the two classes we had, we have talked a lot about both written and oral communication, the two uttermost topics for the future of us in RMIT. Firstly, Mr. Farrell, a very friendly teacher in that matter. He was very passionate and patient as well. We talked quite a lot about how we should be thinking and analysing.  To divide up the problems into many smaller problems, that make it easier for us to make up an argument and counter arguments for that specific topic that we are aiming for. Thus, synthesis was what we looked at right after that, explaining the part where she divided up the problems into smaller problems to make it easier. We were introduced to how we could avoid plagiarism when we use other people’s ideas which, to be honest, were very hard for that matter. Mistakes after mistakes, continuously would come to me as I tried to do it. But paraphrasing, on the other hand, helped me a lot with these kinds of problems. I just regretted that I did not think of it sooner. Besides, without the help of Mr. Farrell, I would have been stuck on that problem for quite some time. Especially when you rage at something, you tend to ignore everything else. So, for me, this was a very new experience as I have never encountered any classes like this before. A friendly and passionate teacher with a very interesting topic. I enjoyed it and learned a lot from it.
      	
3. Teamwork has always been and will always be an important factor in life. That was the first thing I learned from my class on Tuesday that was about Collaboration and Teamwork. It was our sixth lesson in this course, so it was a very arguably time to learn about teamwork as classmates are getting used to each other. The class started with our teacher, Mr. Crellin asked us what teamwork is. We took quite a while to answer the question, so he answered it for us instead. The importance of teamwork was later mentioned after we finished considering whether it is important or not. Turns out, teamwork is not only good for the team, but it also benefits you as well with experiences, joy, and a better grade perhaps. Overall, teamwork helps you make better decisions most of the time, a variety of ideas, faster work time and probably a more enjoyable journey for you. Mr. Crellin also gave us some examples of how teamwork is shown in our school and future career such as in a report writing, or a capstone project that we would have at the end of the course. In addition to it, he is also participating in a project, being a member in a team of different teachers for his project after our class which surprised me the most considering how good our teacher is.
      	Following our steps, we were introduced to how we can develop good team development with five steps. The first being forming our team, followed by brainstorming, acceptance between teammates, team performances, finally closing everything out with recognizing each of the members accomplishment and celebrating the overall success. As we were talking about the five steps, we were also taught about the smaller steps we would need to do as a requirement to progress further and further. This made me wonder about myself as I have not achieved any of this and I should have developed it more in the future. To know people more, to understand people more, maybe in the future when I get into a group project, I should improve my skills when I have the chance.
      	Then lastly, the importance of different team roles was also included as how it is important to form a team with different people with different personalities. You can’t have three managers or no manager in a team, the same goes for the other roles. This was probably the most unimportant part of this class but still can be considered.
      	Overall, this class have taught what teamwork is, which is way more important than I thought. Ways to form a team as well as develop it was also mentioned as it was important to know how to work together rather than just a bunch of people “team working” and ending up with nothing. For me, this have been a very enjoyable as well as very informative class and I hope the same go for the rest of the course.
4.  It was the last day of class that we would have before the one month break between semesters came. Nor the best class or the most useful class it was but perhaps, the one that I enjoyed the most. We go to school with the aim of studying new things and improving ourselves, the same goes for this course that I studied here in RMIT. Throughout the course though, it is true that I have learned many new things through our lectures and some small talks with our teacher that I have. The one that was the most interesting was probably the cybersecurity and encrypting lesson. I was able to have a really good talk with Mr. Crellin. Still, for the lesson today that we had, that went quite in an opposite way. With the groups presenting their project, those that I hate to say, I have already known about them. Thus, I get to experience something else, something that only a group project can give you. The teamwork, the admiration you have for your teammates and a proud feeling when you were able to accomplish something you have always been afraid to do before. Me, a person who is literally useless when it comes to presentations. But with the feeling of not wanting to let my team down, the feeling of wanting to surpass myself, it urged me to keep practising and practising. I have had to write down the script as well so that I could know what I wanted to say. That being said, I was a bit disappointed when my presentation did not go so well. My voice was not clear, my hand was shaking, resulting in the slides getting messed up. I regretted why I chose to stand up there, before everyone and have to overcome my biggest fear. The presentation ended up fine with my team carrying me throughout the whole thing. Still, despite my bad performance, they encouraged me, telling me that I did good. To be honest, those words were the ones that made me happy. Perhaps sometimes, the class is not that bad when you have your friends and teammates side by side with you.
 
Action plan: With the time being, my career is still quite unclear to me. My first thought coming to RMIT here was Software Engineering but to be honest, I have no idea what I wanted to do. After this course though, through various small talks that I have had with Mr. Crellin and Mr. Farrell, along with the project that I did about AI, I realised that the future ahead is still very unsure of. The threat of AI replacing humans, or me not being passionate about my chosen career. I guess trying my best in many different fields for the time being might be the best solution. With Software Engineering being the base, I could join various classes related to Physcology or IT and even perhaps cyber securities because that one is interesting. Keep trying, practice and failing, I will one day end up at a dead end, yes? Perhaps that is true, but you do not know for sure which dead end you will get into without trying to reach it first. It could be a good dead end, the one at the end of your life where you have completed your dream on your way to it. That being said, being in RMIT here with friends and teachers who you are fond of, maybe trying your best to learn is the right way for now. Asking your friends, your teachers, to overcome your weaknesses is what everyone thinks of when you talk about “trying your best” but for me? Maybe sometimes, just sometimes, you are the one you need to talk to. Know your dream, know what you want, not what other people want. Talk with your friends and teachers about it rather than asking about information you have already studied in class and that one day, might help you know what you deeply desire for. But until that, study more and more, build a solid foundation for your dream and don’t stress too much about it. Take your time and slowly improve yourself day by day, lesson by lesson or might even be book by book. Be curious as well, people learn from mistakes but also from randomness. Newton discovered gravity just by sitting there reading a book and an apple fell onto his head. Maybe your curiosity about the outer world might one day make you the next Newton. “Study, learn more, learn forever .” As V.I Lenin once said
 
 

